exclamations	How quickly he understands!
exclamations	Darling, how I love you.
exclamations	Hey! What a brilliant idea that is!
exclamations	Oh, how I wish I were there now.
exclamations	Oh Granny, what big teeth you have!
exclamations	Wow! What a cool car you've got!
interrogative	How are you today?
interrogative	Who is the best shortstop in the Major Leagues?
interrogative	To whom shall I give the test results?
interrogative	Whose socks are these?
exclamations	What a cute puppy!
exclamations	What an ugly bug!
exclamations	What a happy ending!
exclamations	How bright they've grown in the sunlight!
exclamations	How well he listens!
declarative	Marie loves the beach, yet she hates sand.
declarative	She plays the piano, and he sings along.
declarative	She had to make the next flight; she quickly packed her bag.
declarative	The house has new windows; however, the roof still leaks.
declarative	It had rained for days; the town was flooded.
declarative	She leaves for college tomorrow morning; the house is going to feel empty without her.
declarative	The weather is warm and sunny; a perfect day for a picnic.
declarative	She wears red nail polish.
declarative	The room smells clean.
declarative	My family is driving to the beach for the long weekend and I am meeting them there.
declarative	As the airplane climbed I saw the ocean.
declarative	She is my new friend.
exclamations	How slow they crawl!
exclamations	How fast you ran!
exclamations	That birthday cake was so good!
exclamations	Sheldon's gift was so amazing!
exclamations	Eugh, that bug is so ugly!
exclamations	I’m so mad right now!
exclamations	He's such a kind soul!
exclamations	That's such a gorgeous ring!
exclamations	Your puppy is such a cutie!
interrogative	How often you go to a bar?
interrogative	How many times do you smoke?
interrogative	Does he know that I am here?
interrogative	Does she love you as the way you do?
interrogative	Does he care about us?
interrogative	Why did he leave us then?
interrogative	Who is that man seating in the corner?
interrogative	How on earth did you think about me in that way?
interrogative	Will you please open the door for me?
interrogative	Can’t we be friends again?
interrogative	Why haven’t you completed your homework?
interrogative	Don’t you know who she is?
exclamations	I got the concert tickets!
interrogative	What is the right way to iron a shirt?Greener lifestyles have become popular; the following are to mention just some: energy-efficient lights, new climate sustainable cars, the use of wind and solar power.
interrogative	When are the best days to go to the mall to bring some things new for my grandmother?
interrogative	Where is your new cat?
declarative	Any time a relatively long toxin is introduced to our environment, it contributes to environmental contamination.
declarative	The dog chased the boy.
declarative	As a result of the environmental pollution that the world needs to cope with, global warming, which had become a significant problem, in Antarctica the melting icebergs culminated in rising sea levels.
declarative	Lucy is sick; therefore, she is not at school today.
interrogative	do you really think that if i helped you , you will servive?
interrogative	if pollution is affecting our enviroment, so how can we find a sollution for that ?
interrogative	if we dont move quickly , how we will get there in time?
declarative	The grass is green after the rain.
declarative	She loves the mountains; he hates the long drive.
declarative	My new dress is black and white.
declarative	My brother loves to run, but my sister prefers to walk.
declarative	The baby is hungry, but she does not seem interested in drinking her bottle of milk.
declarative	In response to these disasters, the different countries in the world are taking every possible action.
declarative	The teacher is going on a well-earned vacation.
declarative	Greener lifestyles have become popular; the following are to mention just some: energy-efficient lights, new climate sustainable cars, the use of wind and solar power.
interrogative	Why is the sky blue?
interrogative	Whom did you see yesterday?
interrogative	Why are you not interested?
interrogative	Whose pants are these?
interrogative	How can we survive if the climate becomes polluted?
interrogative	how can social media can affect people lives?
interrogative	Why didn’t you go to school?
interrogative	Who is coming to the play?
interrogative	When do you intend to move here?
interrogative	How kind of school do you want to study at?
exclamations	Happy birthday, Amy!
exclamations	Thank you, Sheldon!
exclamations	I hate you!
exclamations	Ice cream sundaes are my favorite!
exclamations	Wow, I really love you!
exclamations	Fantastic, let's go!
exclamations	What a lovely bouquet of flowers!
exclamations	You’re such a liar!
interrogative	When are you going to turn in your writing assignment?
interrogative	Do you know what the weather will be tomorrow?
exclamations	It is too dangerous to climb that mountain!
exclamations	I got an A on my book report!
interrogative	Who knows the answers to these questions?
exclamations	What a mess you've made!
exclamations	What a handsome man he is!
exclamations	What an idiot I've been.
exclamations	How strange it was!
declarative	She is my new friend.
declarative	Any time a relatively long toxin is introduced to our environment, it contributes to environmental contamination.
declarative	The dog chased the boy.
declarative	As a result of the environmental pollution that the world needs to cope with, global warming, which had become a significant problem, in Antarctica the melting icebergs culminated in rising sea levels.
declarative	Lucy is sick; therefore, she is not at school today.
declarative	The grass is green after the rain.
declarative	She loves the mountains; he hates the long drive.
declarative	My new dress is black and white.
declarative	My brother loves to run, but my sister prefers to walk.
declarative	The baby is hungry, but she does not seem interested in drinking her bottle of milk.
declarative	Though the light and nuclear pollutions are hard to realize, these are equally harmful.
declarative	The environmental pollution, directly and indirectly, affects the lives of humans and other species.
declarative	These living beings co-existed on the earth with human from centuries.
declarative	Carbon and dust particles string up with the air in the form of smog, damaging respiratory system, haze, and smoke. 
declarative	These are caused by the emission of industrial and manufacturing units by burning of fossil fuels, vehicle combustion of carbon fumes.
declarative	Moreover, these factors affect the immune system of birds which become a carrier of viruses and infections.
declarative	Human’s organic and chemical both waste harm the land and soil with its decomposition. Also, it introduces some chemical in the soil and water.
declarative	Water gets contaminated easily with any pollutant whether it is human waste or chemical discharge from factories.
declarative	Also, we use this water for irrigation of crops and drinking.
declarative	Because of contaminated soil and water, the crop or agricultural produce also get toxic.
declarative	Climate change is also a cause of environmental pollution. Also, it affects the physical and biological components of the ecosystem.
declarative	Social media is a tool that is becoming quite popular these days because of its user-friendly features.
declarative	Social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and more are giving people a chance to connect with each other across distances.
declarative	In other words, the whole world is at our fingertips all thanks to social media.
declarative	All this makes you wonder that something so powerful and with such a massive reach cannot be all good. 
declarative	Subsequently, different people have different opinions on this debatable topic.
